Hayward Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: HAYW) — excerpted risk-factor / cybersecurity language from public Form 10-K disclosures (educational cache used when live SEC fetch is unavailable). Source: Hayward Holdings Form 10-K risk factors regarding information technology, ERP implementation, and third-party vendors.

We rely upon information technology systems and networks in connection with a variety of business activities, some of which are managed by third parties, whose products, services and systems are beyond our control. We expect our reliance on information technology systems to increase as we implement new technologies to facilitate our operations, such as our new ERP system and new human resources information system, which are in the process of being implemented. As a result, our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis and accurately report our results depends on a reliable technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats, including malicious code embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers’ or service providers’) information technology systems and networks, products or services.

We are subject to vulnerabilities in our software and systems and those of third parties. We and certain of our third-party service providers have in the past experienced, and we expect in the future will continue to experience, cybersecurity attacks and other incidents that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information technology systems and networks and confidential information, including personal information, that we or third parties collect, maintain and/or process. We periodically evaluate and test the adequacy of our systems, measures, controls and procedures and perform third-party risk assessments.

A significant disturbance or breach of our technological infrastructure, or those of our vendors or others with which we do business, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, failure to maintain the security of confidential information could damage our reputation and expose us to litigation.

We may encounter difficulties in operating or implementing a new ERP system and human resources information system, which may adversely affect our operations and financial reporting. We are in the process of implementing a new ERP system for most of our business as part of our ongoing efforts to improve and strengthen our operational and financial processes and our reporting systems. In addition, we are implementing a new human resources information system, which is designed to improve the efficiency of our global HR process. These systems may not provide the benefits anticipated, could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, and may impact our ability to process transactions efficiently.

Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Routine screening of potential and existing third-party vendors to assess their cybersecurity posture and the incremental risk that they may pose to us. Third-party vendor access to critical information systems is subject to regular review and assessment by management. Engaging external cyber security firms, as needed, leveraging their expertise as part of our ongoing effort to evaluate and enhance our cybersecurity program.

Dependence on key suppliers, including single-source suppliers and sole-source suppliers. We have had an average relationship of over 15 years across our top 30 suppliers. Significant disruption or breach of our technology infrastructure or that of our vendors or third parties, or failure to maintain the security of confidential information, remains a material risk factor.
